cloud: update public endpoint firewall steps (#22807)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-from-op-tidb.md

    1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**My TiDB**](https://tidbcloud.com/tidbs) page, and then click the name of your target resource to go to its overview page.
    2. In the left navigation pane, click **Settings** > **Networking**.
    3. Depending on your TiDB Cloud plan, do one of the following to allow TiCDC to connect to TiDB Cloud.

>         - For {{{ .starter }}} or Essential, click **Add rule** next to the **Authorized Networks** table, add a firewall rule with the public IP address of the TiCDC component in the displayed dialog, and then click **Save**. For more information, see [Configure {{{ .starter }}} or Essential Firewall Rules for Public Endpoints](/tidb-cloud/configure-serverless-firewall-rules-for-public-endpoints.md#create-and-manage-a-firewall-rule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - For {{{ .starter }}} or Essential, click **Add rule** in the **Authorized Networks** section. In the displayed dialog, add a firewall rule with the public IP address of the TiCDC component, and then click **Save**. For more information, see [Configure {{{ .starter }}} or Essential Firewall Rules for Public Endpoints](/tidb-cloud/configure-serverless-firewall-rules-for-public-endpoints.md#create-and-manage-a-firewall-rule).
```

>         - For TiDB Cloud Dedicated, click **Add IP Address**, select **Use IP addresses** in the displayed dialog, click **+**, enter the public IP address of the TiCDC component in the **IP Address** field, and then click **Confirm**. For more information, see [Configure an IP Access List](/tidb-cloud/configure-ip-access-list.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - For TiDB Cloud Dedicated, click **Add IP Address**. In the displayed dialog, select **Use IP addresses**, click **+**, enter the public IP address of the TiCDC component in the **IP Address** field, and then click **Confirm**. For more information, see [Configure an IP Access List](/tidb-cloud/configure-ip-access-list.md).
```
